she's killing the world I hope you
be fine, I'm fine excuse
my shit voice but actually I'm coming
to wake up but hey it's not
yet today we find ourselves
an exceptional video have dared the word
is not it a modern video
warfare 2 so you go to my opinion
well liked since the time that one has me
asked for a video on my flagship two
also not forgotten the little bit of m
to the intervention so here are the videos
on modern warfare 2 to intervention and
especially the live ones to
the intervention is a bit we will say
my trademark on the chain so
someone is told or helicopter
the arsenic tm the dude will respond live to
the intervention in my opinion for little
that they know the chain obviously
to what is not won but so here
live to the intervention what am I
tells video commented on the intervention
I am not a student like you
will have noticed
I was not hot enough yet
to make a live and actually to
cause without lying to you yes then there
sorry if I camp a little I admit to go
at this spot at the beginning of the game
until I get killed and play
complex absolutely not at this level
since it's really an excellent spot
to make some frags at the beginning of
part
me after I stay there until I
to kill what will not delay the wap
I'm going to run out of reflexes
exactly right the history of this
gameplay it's just that I have
turned on my ps3 launched modern warfare 2 se
had been for a good month and there I you
are not lacking it was very honestly
a good month that I will not play at
intervention on mana in far of them
same on modern warfare 2 I think
it was also a good month end brief
it was really the total disaster
I was doing shitty parts
and then this gameplay came as a
messier then it's true that I have not
still found all my little reflexes
of old the little quick scope etc
I'm going a lot have missed a lot of
haft coop too i'm going to miss
you will notice it well I hope that
you understand a little vocabulary that
I say it's not it's not obvious I 'm
account in the vocabulary of geeks
a little bit of something else but
anyway
and so here you are going to notice
technically its exceptional size
but at the score level it's really
something something that to my
notice you will very rarely have views on
youtube in the sense that at the intervention
authentic he in a match but by
teams
yes then the little attention that lateral
It's been a long time
I was saying team match to death
the limit is at 75 he age indeed
56 it is necessary to have three
quarters of the illuminations what is
really very very good I think you
will rarely have seen this at the intervention
so here yes I apologize for moving forward for
the opposing team
it was not very nice but hey the guy
killed me finally good good it's true
sorry I sent them a small
message of excuses
In short, I completely fall for it was the
first 5 in 1 of my life at the predator and
in three years it had been for three years
that I had eyes and it was my all
first 50 years with atr and more
especially my very first full
team predator because you have to know
that they were only 5 in front and that
after a player will join anyway
it was the first of my life so
understand that I was rather happy
I can do not yet account in
did some gameplay that I was busy at
to be good so far it was not it
not technically exceptional at most
high level of the score I was not yet
extremely advanced but actually the thing
it's that my allies and spas
gm batteries which allowed me to
to monopolize we will say the
illuminations and especially the enemies
were really bad to stay nice
and that's really what allowed me to
wadi to do a good part then
it's not my best it's not my
best match but not flagship team at
level of the number of releases I
already done 60 batch elimination
banks
and it was the series besides I
meet a little print screen there
the screen for those who would think that I
mens is but here it was the CFCT
not intervention so intervention
it's the best match to death by
team that I did at the name level
of elimination so that's saying
other beauvau the nation predator arié
and can the water really is the trio
folk winner at word
I do not know how to call it the little one
do very early bar it's still
full and so that's good but what
strict fetish that's how
past your entry me for now
it's rather chill is not it so
here is the purchase actually I am in the daytime
pedagogical to move leave
and then last week actually it was the
back in yeah but I missed all three
first days of school
I had a gastro in fact ben
obviously stay all this is
disgusting will kill two letters three
first school days but I you
assure that it sucked me
I was really in the famous poo
dream he dies three little word games
awesome and so here it is but I hope
that everything went well
finally as I tell you to me for
the moment I sticky not bad about
chain
I always have to duel
commentary in original quotation marks
which I hope you will like but for
the moment no one guessed the
person with whom i want to do it i
will do it and I first want that
someone living
before doing so so here I go
give you an extra clue
so remember the previous clues
this excellent is a man he does not
did not have to be a geek for college
since same name per year know him to
my opinion and we must not play games
video to know him a lot he is
very well known a lot of people the
know we can talk to him we can
not talk to him in real life we ​​can just him
talk on the phone
and I add an additional clue that
should all make you guess it
wi fi so here's a reminder of a wood of
this box for the one who guesses so here is
it will be the little challenge good then
the goal is no longer a common duel
original tackle
I do not know it's going to be funny I know
it's not going to be fun I just wanted
try
and I give you boxing or finally laugh
we'll see in any case I had
really want to try
I had this little idea
two weeks ago
so here I want to try I have a
other project about the chain but
it's a little more serious
is going to say so I'm going to tell you a
day when I will have a little more time
since the video is already finished
it was really a good bassac
you will have noticed a g edit the
color of gameplay I find they
are more enjoyable like that and you
you yourself said in the previous
video that you prefer when
like at home he watched all that
I miss it
a nice match
and
I tell you something more you had some
some colors you like so
now here I am going to put them to
each video yes I forgot to specify
only on mac os 9 105 intervention forgiveness
I did not target this lead so I put
commando because I had not yet
unlocked report but rest assured I
do not use it I do not think I have
stabbed during
the good match after that it's true that my
moreau bonus really well helped so the
final score will not delay in his record and
I'm still going to finish with a beautiful
xk the story of a little catch up
technical level I come back I created
with this word but it's really big
lack of this gameplay
I hope you will but this
party did not hesitate to put a small
green thumb is very important for my
psychological state fans have frankly
it makes me happy I do not hide it
I hope you will but this video
I'm looking forward to meeting you for
the next video so it will surely
the dual commentary really needs that I
do it
good luck to find the name and I
you say bye-bye hi goodbye